---
sitemap: false
layout: post
author: gina
title: ICSpark
tags: update
update: youth
picture: assets/images/blog/2021-12-30.png
summary: Free coding classes in Spring 2022 for 6th - 12th graders
quote:
setting:
target:
level:
range:
IG:
facebook:
---

Free coding classes in Spring 2022 for 6th - 12th graders

<br/>

ICSpark is a Registered Independent Organization (RIO) at the University of Hawaii at Manoa providing free web development classes to 6th - 12th graders in Spring 2022. Classes will be virtual and weekly on Saturdays from 9am - 12pm, February 5 to May 7, 2022. No coding experience is required. Sign up today using this [form](https://bit.ly/icspark2022){:target="_blank"}.

<br/>

### About ICSpark
ICSpark began in 2019 with the goal of providing access to CS mentors and free coding programs to 6th - 12th grade students.

<br/>

### Why Web Development?
Compared to other languages such as Java, Python, and C, the coding languages of web development (HTML, CSS, JS) are relatively easier to pick up for beginners and highly visually engaging. Students can begin adding text and changing background colors to their website and seeing these changes happen right away. This is a great way for students with no coding experience to get started learning.  

<br/>

### Why is Coding Important?
Coding is an invaluable skill to have in the 21st century. Why should a child learn to code?

1) Learning to code is like learning to speak in another language

2) Exercise creativity and critical thinking by developing your own website or application

3) Coding is a skill that can be used in any field and provides a vast number of career and academic opportunities

<br/>

### Why ICSpark?
College student mentors offer a valuable perspective for younger students as they are immersed in current technologies and are familiar with the challenges that comes with learning a new coding language. There are many coding resources already out there, but ICSpark brings access to college mentors that can guide, advise, and assist students over the initial learning curve.
