---
sitemap: false
layout: post
author: gina
title: Ignite Your Coding Journey, In-Person and Online Options Available!
tags: update
update: classes, coding
picture: assets/images/blog/2022icspark.jpeg
summary: ICSparks fifth year with in-person and online options available!
quote: Another round of free coding courses for 6th - 12th grade students this upcoming Spring
setting:
target:
level:
range:
IG:
facebook:
---

Get ready for an exciting milestone as we launch the fifth year of ICSpark this upcoming Spring. We are thrilled to offer both in-person and online options! Registration kicks off on November 1, 2023, and closes on January 13, 2024. Hurry, as seats are limited and allocated on a first-come, first-served basis.



<br/>

<div class="post-center">
    <a href="https://forms.gle/HxUcBDCZjWwdmsRh6" target="_blank" class="post-link"><button>Sign up</button></a>
</div>

<br/>

### Program Details
<br/>
<strong>Who</strong>: 6th - 12th grade students, no coding experience required. Classes are led by passionate college students eager to share their knowledge.

<br/>

<strong>What</strong>: Intro to Web Development Course 

<br/>

<strong>When</strong>: February 3 - May 4, 2024, every Saturday from 9 am - 12 pm. This is a 3-month commitment, so ensure you can attend all sessions before signing up. Stay tuned for the student-parent orientation and final project showcase dates and times, which will be provided to participants.

<br/>

<strong>Where</strong>: Choose between the dynamic in-person experience at the University of Hawaii at Manoa or the convenience of online learning via Zoom.  

<br/>

<strong>Why</strong>: This program offers a fantastic opportunity for students to learn coding from college mentors who understand the challenges firsthand. Whether you’re interested in science, arts, or anything in between, computer science is a valuable skill that opens doors to countless possibilities.
Don’t miss out on this chance to spark your interest in technology and computer science with ICSpark’s fifth-year program! Register soon to secure your spot and embark on a coding adventure that could shape your future. Learn more about the mentors and the program at https://icspark.github.io/. 

